nothing like a little Hawaiian vacation
after a successful tool right Tony
oh you know it Ozzy what are you doing
well I'm trying to find me special
Hawaii clothes but put something on in
the meantime I know I'll put on me
birthdays I'll provide what with the
flowers it's called away far out we're
gonna get hey now this is a lei so Swiss
mate
hey where's doom doom what do you mean
look out from above bill your alcoholic
ramblings
Ozzie why are you wearing a mink coat
lets me special Hawaii clothes superb
writing everybody knows that horse
bloody freezing but you're hot Rosie see
you're sweating
alright please enjoy um heat big portion
roast pig dig me new devilment I you
could have saved me the oils chief
Kahoot Lamanna mega want them here big
sound Black Sabbath
right now we loved that where's Jose oh
he being cheeky hot giving high hard one
to Chiefs wife having high hard one -
chief wise what it gets a coin
[Music]
this is it I'm doomed
he's right ozzie Hawaiian custom says
you've got to get married
oh that's alright at least is a tasty
bird not to her you idiot
him bloody hell